# Projects:

This repository contains the projects I worked on in the past years.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# PYTHON

1) Color and Pixel Manipulation:

This program contains functions that rotate images as well as invert their colour and adjust their brightness levels. This is done through treating the images as arrays that contain pixel information and manipulating their RGB properties.

2) Algorithm for Story Generation:

This program reads a given text file, and learns the grammar and sentence syntax in that file. It then attempts to generate a story based on a token (initial word) and a seed (order information). The results vary depending on the length of the initial file to be read and the seed generated. The current code is built based on the story "Three Men in a Boat" by Jerome K. Jerome.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# C

1) Brick Breaker Game

This is a video game coded on a De1-SoC FPGA with an ARM v7 cpu. In order to play, go to cpulator.01xz.net/ and select the ARM v7 architecture and the ARM v7 De1-SoC system. Switch the language from ARM v7 to C in the top right corner, and then upload the file. Click "compile and load" to start playing.

2) Computational Mathematics using Stacks:

This code evaluates a post-order mathematical expression using a stack structure. It is also able to read files for their contents and write the results to a new file.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Assembly

1) Interrupt Handler for a De1-SoC

This code handles interrupts generated by the De1-SoC private timer. It increments the LEDs by 1 by a rate decided by the user. The user decides the rate by controlling the value of the SWs. This code needs to be run on cpulator. Follow the same instructions as the Brick Breaker Game, but do NOT change the language from ARM v7. Click "compile and load" and then click "continue" in the top bar.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Verilog

1) FSM Controlled VGA Display using Quartus

This code controls the VGA display to draw 4x4 coloured squares according to the user's choice. This is done using a FSM to connect the I/O with memory and the VGA display. This code needs to be compiled on a physical De1-SoC board or needs to be simulated using a 3rd party application.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# MATLAB

1) Riemann Approximations and Curve Fittings:

As a part of my Linear Algebra course, I learned how to code a script that approximates the integral of a function based on different Riemann approximations. Furthermore, I also programmed a script to fit a curve based on a set of points using the least-squares methods.

2) Differential Equation Modelling

This is a script that solves differential equations using Euler's method. It then graphs the analytic solution to the differential equation.

